fix generation rate (#124)
vechain/vechain-docs: introduction-to-vechain/about-the-vechain-blockchain/governance.md

## VeChain's On-Chain Governance Implementation

> VeChain leverages on-chain governance to enable stakeholders to make decentralize decision with on-chain voting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VeChain leverages on-chain governance to enable stakeholders to make decentralized decisions through on-chain voting.
```

For more details, refer to the [VeVote documentation](https://docs.vevote.vechain.org). 

>   More about staking can be found in the [StarGate docs](https://docs.stargate.vechain.org).

Reviewer: Minor, given the above in line 27

```suggestion
More about staking can be found in the [StarGate docs](https://docs.stargate.vechain.org).
```
